It’s done! I struggled with the last part,
but it turned out well.
Since I have the chance, I’ll have Aoi and Naoya look at it
before it’s released to the public.
This video is hilarious!
Yes! If it’s this funny, everyone should see it.
I have a lot of followers, so if I download the video
and upload it to Zwitter, I can get it to go viral.
I’ll ask Kasumi about that zweet.
Well, I’m going to bed.
What’s this? What does this mean?
Hello, that was a great video. I was very impressed.
Thank you, but I didn’t mean that.
I’m talking about uploading it to Zwitter.
Ah! That’s what I wanted to talk to you about, too! It was terrific,
so I wanted everyone to see it!
I’m glad you feel that way, but please stop uploading zweets...
That was my creation, and I’ll decide who gets to see it.
Eh, why??